fix: instance management doc (#1154)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/getting-started/setup/instance-management/update-appsmith.mdx

If you haven't been using your Appsmith instance for a while, it could be possible that there might be multiple versions that show up in the error message. In such a case, perform the same steps for each version in order, starting from the oldest.
:::

> ## Switch off auto updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disable auto updates
```

>  Follow the below steps for your Appsmith installation to switch off auto updates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Follow the below steps for your Appsmith installation to disable auto updates:
```

<Tabs queryString="current-installation">
  <TabItem label="Docker" value="Docker"> 

1. Go to the root directory of the Appsmith installation and run:

   ```bash
   docker-compose down
   ```

2. Open the `docker-compose.yml` file and comment out the below code block:
   
   ```yaml
   auto_update:
     image: containrrr/watchtower
     volumes:
       - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
     # Update check interval in seconds.
     command: --schedule "0 0 * ? * *" --label-enable --cleanup
     restart: unless-stopped
     depends_on:
       - appsmith
     environment:
       - WATCHTOWER_LIFECYCLE_HOOKS=true
   ```

3. Save the file and run:

```bash

> docker-compose up -d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker-compose up -d --force-recreate
```

```

4. Verify that auto update is turned off with:

```bash
docker-compose ps
```

  </TabItem>

<TabItem label="Kubernetes" value="Kubernetes">
Follow the steps below to turn off auto updates:

<Tabs groupId="appsmithEditions" queryString="current-edition">
<TabItem label="Community Edition" value="communityEdition"> 

  You can switch off auto update by either using a command or setting it in the `values.yaml` file.

  * Run the below command:

  ```bash
    #highlight-next-line
    helm upgrade --set autoupdate.enabled=false \
     appsmith appsmith/appsmith
  ```

  * **Or** edit `values.yaml`, update the below parameters:
  ```yaml
    autoupdate.enabled: false
    autoupdate.scheduler: 0
  ```
  and run the below command:
  ```bash
    helm upgrade --values values.yaml appsmith appsmith/appsmith
  ```

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Business Edition" value="businessEdition"> 

> You can switch off auto update by either using a command or setting it in the `values.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable auto update by either using a command or setting it in the `values.yaml` file.
```

Author: As per the style guide, disable is considered a strong word and should be avoided so keeping it as is.
